hi everyone welcome back to my channel
and thank you so much for tuning in and
spending a couple of minutes with me
today I wanted to talk about another lip
product that I had recently hauled and
today we are going to talk about the
bite Beauty lipsticks I'm sure that you
have heard so much about this already
it's not something new but it is new to
me so I just wanted to describe my
experience with this I've been wearing
it for a couple of days now and the
shade that I have picked up is in fig
this lipstick retails for $24 at Sephora
and also on their website it claims to
be a lush long-lasting moisture rich
lipstick that is made with a super
antioxidant reservatrol which helps to
fight free radicals and helps to provide
long-term anti-aging benefits for your
lips so it's always a great thing to
condition them and take preventive care
for really anything so moving on what I
found what was interesting on the
Sephora website is that it said that the
Reds have a sharp angle the neutrals
have a natural slant to the lipstick and
the Pink's have a more curved slant
whether or not that was something more
of a descriptive feature on their
website to describe the type of person
you are if you choose red lipsticks
neutral lipsticks or pink lipsticks I'm
not sure but I thought I figured I'd
mention it here I have only chosen one
product I did not choose a bunch of
different lip colors so I can't verify
if that is true or not but let's go
ahead and get right into the product
itself this is what the product looks
like it's a very normal sized lipstick
holder it has a curved slanted tip for
the casing this product is actually very
similar in feel to
the NARS packaging as well it has that
kind of you know rubberized silicone
feel overall nothing you know unusual
about this lipstick other than the color
of the packaging which is a gray and the
slant so there's really nothing about
this packaging it it is nice it clicks
shut so you're not gonna have to worry
about it being like a magnetic close and
it you know falling off and into your
person then oh my goodness so the
product itself this actually over the
course of a few days I have worn this
and I have noticed that this product
does have a little B on the lipstick
right there for the bite Beauty logo and
again as I had mentioned I got this in
the shade fig which is what I am wearing
right now this lipstick does have a good
pigmentation it is more on the high
medium kind of pigmentation I can go
over this on my lips and get the full
pigmentation that I have right now but
overall if you were to just do one swipe
on your lips it has pretty good
pigmentation it is not sheer by any
means it very much looks like a creamy
lipstick it's not a matte lipstick it's
not a modern matte lipstick it's very
much like the same look as your typical
creamy lipsticks um with that being said
it actually wears the same in my opinion
as a regular creamy lipstick I've so
there have been days where I don't
really eat as much or drink too much so
yes it will stay on longer but there are
days that I eat a little bit more and or
I'll eat something that's really greasy
and it comes off it does not stain my
lips again I am wearing a lighter shade
so I am not sure if it will stain your
lips if you have one of the darker red
lipsticks
it is it transfers so if you were to you
know use a utensil kiss your partner
drink from a cup it will transfer so
it's not exactly budge proof so really
in essence it's like any other creamy
lipstick in terms of the long wear and
the finish I do notice that this goes on
extremely smooth like I could do this
all day
and it just feels so nice on the lips
and I think that because it has because
it is made with really great good for
you
safe to eat products i wouldnt chomp on
this and eat the product itself but i
think like because it's made with such
good products and such conditioning and
hydrating products it goes on very very
smooth it feels like butter and I don't
feel like what I can't feel like my
flaky lips or something like that like
if I have a flaky lip this product does
not emphasize that that being said this
product does not settle in my fine lines
in my lips and it does not cake up if I
was to apply another layer on top the
only time that I noticed that there was
a little bit of taking up is on the
inner portion of my lip which i think is
pretty standard when it comes to most
lipsticks that I wear I noticed that
this lipstick and even though again this
is a lighter shade I did not see any
feathering whatsoever unlike you know
some other emollient creamier lipsticks
but I would advise wearing a lip liner
if you want a more precise outline of
your lips with the lighter shades you
can definitely get away with just
applying this and not having to worry
about that but with the darker lipsticks
and if you really want that precise line
you should definitely use a lip liner to
kind of create and shape out and give
your lips that much more of a definition
so overall I think this product is great
it is quite pricey for a lipstick being
that it is $24
however if you
this brand if you like the feel of this
lipstick it is definitely worth every
penny I love this color I love the feel
of it on my lips it's very hydrating and
nourishing I don't feel that sometimes
when you apply lipsticks even if they
may be creamy lipstick sometimes I feel
that they can kind of gather on your
lips and at the end of the day when you
take it off I feel like you get flakier
lips this does not do that whatsoever
so overall I would say that this product
is great it's very comfortable to wear
it's hydrating it's nourishing it does
not flake up my lips and I really like
this I am very interested to try a
couple of other shades namely in I think
pomegranate in tannin just because I
love my bright cherry pink Reds but this
is a bit of a kind of pricey lipstick
but I think it is definitely worth every
penny so definitely go to your local
Sephora and swatch out if you try them
out I think it's worth it it's a great
great formula so even if it is a little
bit pricier it is a very nice
comfortable lipstick to wear so thank
you so much for tuning in and spending a
few moments of your day with me I hope
this video was helpful like it down
below
or and also subscribe so thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you in my
next video bye